en,zh; add rolling update changes missed in v1.3.0-beta.1 (#1641)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/releases/release-1.3.0-beta.1.md

- Due to changes in [#4358](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4358), if the TiDB cluster (>= v5.4) is deployed by TiDB Operator v1.2, upgrading TiDB Operator to v1.3.0-beta.1 causes TiFlash to rolling upgrade. It is recommended to upgrade TiDB Operator to v1.3 before upgrading the TiDB cluster to v5.4.0 or later versions.
- Due to changes in [#4169](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4169) , for TiDB clusters >= v5.0, if `spec.tikv.seperateRocksDBLog: true` or  `spec.tikv.separateRaftLog: true` is configured, upgrading TiDB Operator to v1.3.0-beta.1 causes TiKV to rolling upgrade.

> - Due to changes in [#4198](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4198) ，upgrading TiDB Operator will cause the recreation of TidbMonitor Pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Due to changes in [#4198](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/4198), upgrading TiDB Operator causes the recreation of TidbMonitor Pod.
```
